docs: Add jobs tolerations attribute in helm chart docs (#926)
Azure/secrets-store-csi-driver-provider-azure: manifest_staging/charts/csi-secrets-store-provider-azure/README.md

| `secrets-store-csi-driver.linux.enabled`                         | Install secrets-store-csi-driver on linux nodes                                                                                                                                                       | true                                                                                             |
| `secrets-store-csi-driver.linux.kubeletRootDir`                  | Configure the kubelet root dir                                                                                                                                                                        | `/var/lib/kubelet`                                                                               |
| `secrets-store-csi-driver.linux.metricsAddr`                     | The address the metric endpoint binds to                                                                                                                                                              | `:8080`                                                                                          |

> | `secrets-store-csi-driver.linux.tolerations`                     | Tolerations for linux nodes                                                                                                                                                                           | `[]`                                                                                             |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `secrets-store-csi-driver.linux.tolerations`                     | Tolerations for driver pods on linux nodes                                                                                                                                                                           | `[]`                                                                                             |
```

| `secrets-store-csi-driver.windows.enabled`                       | Install secrets-store-csi-driver on windows nodes                                                                                                                                                     | false                                                                                            |
| `secrets-store-csi-driver.windows.kubeletRootDir`                | Configure the kubelet root dir                                                                                                                                                                        | `C:\var\lib\kubelet`                                                                             |
| `secrets-store-csi-driver.windows.metricsAddr`                   | The address the metric endpoint binds to                                                                                                                                                              | `:8080`                                                                                          |

> | `secrets-store-csi-driver.windows.tolerations`                   | Tolerations for linux nodes                                                                                                                                                                           | `[]`                                                                                             |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `secrets-store-csi-driver.windows.tolerations`                   | Tolerations for driver pods on windows nodes                                                                                                                                                                           | `[]`                                                                                             |
```
